docs/documentation/json-exports.asciidoc, before:

---
layout: docs
title: JSON Exporting
breadcrumb: [ "advanced.html", "Advanced" ]
---


== JSON Exporting

There are several pages which offer json exports.

=== List of Pages

==== Status Data

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/status.cgi?view_mode=json&host=all

Parameters: all usual status page parameters and filter. Use the gui filter
and then json export link for maximum convenience.

It is possible to set the columns by using the 'columns' parameter:

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/status.cgi?view_mode=json&host=all&columns=name,status


==== Availability Data

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/avail.cgi?view_mode=json&host=all

Parameters:

------
    t1=1357575984                       # start timestamp
    t2=1357662384                       # end timestamp
    host=hostname                       # hostname
    assumestateretention=yes            # assume state retention or not
    assumeinitialstates=yes             # assume initial state or not
    assumestatesduringnotrunning=yes    # assume state during core not running or not
    initialassumedhoststate=0           # initial assumed host state
    initialassumedservicestate=0        # initial assumed service state
    full_log_entries                    # include full logs
    showscheduleddowntime=
    rpttimeperiod=
------

See http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?Monitoring%3A%3AAvailability#CONSTRUCTOR[Monitoring::Availability]
for a detailed description of all parameters.


==== Statistics Data / Tactical Overview Data

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/tac.cgi?view_mode=json

Parameters: none

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/tac.cgi?view_mode=json


==== Backends / Sites Data
{% include new_since.ad version="2.04" %}
Export all site/backend specific data:

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/extinfo.cgi?type=0&view_mode=json


==== Business Process Data

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/bp.cgi?view_mode=json&bp=id

Parameters: optional business process id

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/bp.cgi?view_mode=json&bp=1

Commit message:

add rest api and clustering

docs/documentation/json-exports.asciidoc, after:

---
layout: docs
title: JSON Exporting
breadcrumb: [ "advanced.html", "Advanced" ]
---


== JSON Exporting

There are several pages which offer json exports.

Also have a look at the new link:rest.html[REST API] which provides
all of this exports and much more.

=== List of Pages

==== Status Data

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/status.cgi?view_mode=json&host=all

Parameters: all usual status page parameters and filter. Use the gui filter
and then json export link for maximum convenience.

It is possible to set the columns by using the 'columns' parameter:

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/status.cgi?view_mode=json&host=all&columns=name,status


==== Availability Data

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/avail.cgi?view_mode=json&host=all

Parameters:

------
    t1=1357575984                       # start timestamp
    t2=1357662384                       # end timestamp
    host=hostname                       # hostname
    assumestateretention=yes            # assume state retention or not
    assumeinitialstates=yes             # assume initial state or not
    assumestatesduringnotrunning=yes    # assume state during core not running or not
    initialassumedhoststate=0           # initial assumed host state
    initialassumedservicestate=0        # initial assumed service state
    full_log_entries                    # include full logs
    showscheduleddowntime=
    rpttimeperiod=
------

See http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?Monitoring%3A%3AAvailability#CONSTRUCTOR[Monitoring::Availability]
for a detailed description of all parameters.


==== Statistics Data / Tactical Overview Data

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/tac.cgi?view_mode=json

Parameters: none

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/tac.cgi?view_mode=json


==== Backends / Sites Data
{% include new_since.ad version="2.04" %}
Export all site/backend specific data:

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/extinfo.cgi?type=0&view_mode=json


==== Business Process Data

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/bp.cgi?view_mode=json&bp=id

Parameters: optional business process id

Example: /thruk/cgi-bin/bp.cgi?view_mode=json&bp=1
